Tn/swap mux for chi (#843)
theparanoids/ashirt-server: backend/Readme.md

## Development Overview

> This project utilizes Golang 1.13 (with modules), interfaces with a MySQL database and leverages Chi to help with routing. The project is testable via docker/docker-compose and is also deployed via docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project utilizes Golang 1.20, interfaces with a MySQL database and leverages Chi to help with routing. The project is testable via docker/docker-compose and is also deployed via docker.
```

Author: good catch!
